Add full codebase for CortEX (EEG+ECG BLE Meditation Platform) (#1)
upsidedownlabs/CortEX: README.md

# 🧘‍♀️ CortEX – Real-Time Neurofeedback Meditation Platform

## 📝 Project Overview

**CortEX** is a cutting-edge, real-time web application designed to empower users through neurofeedback during meditation. Built using **Next.js** and **TypeScript**, the platform integrates **EEG** and **ECG** biopotential signals via **Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE)** to deliver a personalized, data-driven meditation experience.

---

## 🔌 Hardware Requirement

To use CortEX effectively, you'll need:

### 🧠 [NPG Lite (Neuro PlayGround Lite)](https://www.crowdsupply.com/upside-down-labs/neuro-playground-lite)
A BLE-enabled biopotential signal board designed for:

> 
> - ✅ EEG (Electroencephalogram)
> - ✅ ECG (Electrocardiogram)
> - ✅ EMG/EOG via analog channels
> 
> > 💡 CortEX uses the NPG Lite’s BLE stream for real-time brain and heart activity visualization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- ✅ EEG (Electroencephalogram)
- ✅ ECG (Electrocardiogram)
- ✅ EMG (Electromyogram)
- ✅ EOG (Electrooculogram)

> 💡 CortEX uses the [NPG Lite’s BLE stream](https://github.com/upsidedownlabs/Chords-Arduino-Firmware/blob/main/NPG-LITE-BLE/NPG-LITE-BLE.ino) for real-time brain and heart activity visualization.
```
